chore: Update formatter documentation page (#667)
oxc-project/oxc-project.github.io: src/docs/guide/usage/formatter.md

Also you can specify your ignore file by `--ignore-path your.ignore` flag.

VCS directories like `.git` and `.svn` are always ignored. Also global and nested ignores are not respected.

In addition, `.oxfmtrc.json(c)` supports an `ignorePatterns` field.

## Pre-commit hook

If you want to auto-format staged files with oxfmt in a git pre-commit hook, you can use `oxfmt --no-error-on-unmatched-pattern`.

This command is equivalent to `"prettier --ignore-unknown --write"` and will format all files that are supported by oxfmt. The `--no-error-on-unmatched-pattern` flag ensures that oxfmt will not raise errors if there are no supported files passed in by your pre-commit hook tool (e.g. only Ruby files are staged).

You can also pass `--check` to only check the formatting of files, without modifying them in the pre-commit hook.

If you are using a pre-commit hook via husky/lint-staged, you can run oxfmt with it by updating your package.json like so:

```json
"lint-staged": {
  "*": "oxfmt --no-error-on-unmatched-pattern"
},
```

## FAQs

### What kinds of files are supported?

> Currently, only JavaScript and TypeScript files are supported (`.js`, `.jsx`, `.ts`, `.tsx`, `.mjs`, `.cjs`, `.mts`, and `.cts`).

Reviewer: It might be a bit tricky to explicitly list all file extensions here.

That's because we recognize various other files as JS/TS beyond what's listed here.

https://github.com/oxc-project/oxc/blob/5da1a6326d0a2d8ed0d98901acf098131aad5f4e/crates/oxc_formatter/src/service/parse_utils.rs#L17

Author: Maybe this phrasing works better?:

```suggestion
Currently, only JavaScript and TypeScript files are supported (using all common JS/TS extensions and filenames, including `.js`, `.jsx`, `.ts`, `.mjs`, etc.).
```

Main goal here is just to communicate that we did not forget `mjs`/`cjs`-style file names :)
